Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Dream big. Start small. Act now.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don’t want to.
Success is what comes after you stop making excuses.
The future depends on what you do today.
One day or day one. You decide.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
You are capable of amazing things.
Small steps every day.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Be stronger than your excuses.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Make each day your masterpiece.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.
Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Do not wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality. Upgrade your conviction to match your destiny.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
Just keep going. You’re closer than you think.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Don’t wish for it. Work for it.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Your only limit is your mind.
Don’t count the days. Make the days count.
Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing.
You didn’t come this far to only come this far.
Success starts with self-discipline.
Get comfortable being uncomfortable.
Don’t fear failure. Fear being in the exact same place next year as you are today.
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Set a goal that makes you want to jump out of bed in the morning.
Think big. Trust yourself. Make it happen.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
You’ve got what it takes, but it will take everything you’ve got.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Effort is the ignition switch that turns on the engine of success.
If you want it, work for it.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
You have the power to create change.
It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Live life like it’s rigged in your favor.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears.